Update quote format in hugging-face-pollen-robotics-acquisition.md (#2810)
huggingface/blog: hugging-face-pollen-robotics-acquisition.md

Today, we’re excited to take it a step further by welcoming Pollen Robotics to Hugging Face, a team that's spent the last 9 years building open-source robots and hardware.

> > We believe robotics could be the next frontier unlocked by AI — and it should be open, affordable, and private. Our vision: a future where everyone in the community, from hobbyists to enterprises, can build or use robot assistants or games, starting from open solutions instead of closed, remote controlled, hardware.
> > <cite>Thomas Wolf, co-founder and chief scientist at Hugging Face</cite>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote><p>We believe robotics could be the next frontier unlocked by AI — and it should be open, affordable, and private. Our vision: a future where everyone in the community, from hobbyists to enterprises, can build or use robot assistants or games, starting from open solutions instead of closed, remote controlled, hardware.</p>
— Thomas Wolf, co-founder and chief scientist at Hugging Face</blockquote>
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c5abbb0a-7d66-4940-ba43-7e61480390f8)

> > From the start, we built Pollen Robotics with open source at its core, driven by our belief that robots will play a profound role in our lives — serving as the interface between AI and the physical world. Hugging Face is a natural home for us to grow, as we share a common goal: putting AI and robotics in the hands of everyone.
> > <cite>Matthieu Lapeyre, Pollen co-founder</cite>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote><p>From the start, we built Pollen Robotics with open source at its core, driven by our belief that robots will play a profound role in our lives — serving as the interface between AI and the physical world. Hugging Face is a natural home for us to grow, as we share a common goal: putting AI and robotics in the hands of everyone.</p>
— Matthieu Lapeyre, Pollen co-founder</blockquote>
```
Preview:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/05eea2cf-c8dc-4d80-884e-6324fb2e9cfc)
